http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalPartyOfLeader PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceLaps nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speaker integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishOpen string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherOccupation PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ons nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shuttle SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyeColour string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ranking positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blackLongDistancePisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearOfElectrification gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastSeason date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumTemperature double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptItm nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/illustrator Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weddingParentsDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherMedia PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDistrict nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateAct date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medlinePlus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/externalOrnament string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minority Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reference string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/massif Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishComedyAwards Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/altitude Altitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunchRocket Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginPoint nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mbaId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleLanguage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launch date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherServingLines string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestMetro PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstOwner Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/species Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localPhonePrefix nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bicycleInformation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gridReference string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchCOROPCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalRegion string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStaff nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentBronze nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/senator Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCallsign string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptFinalTable nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mission SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileURL File
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ccaState string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceGravity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/attorneyGeneral Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gnisCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenFlightRocket Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceTrack RaceTrack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/loadLimit double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfBombs nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/theology string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLocations nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductNominalPerCapita GrossDomesticProductPerCapita
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctMen nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalSubChannel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAirDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nonProfessionalCareer string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumBoatLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/guest Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/number string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mass double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastRepeater string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/participant string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/torchBearer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/copilote Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mother Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondCommander Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDistricts nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localization string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spokesperson Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subjectOfPlay string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/observatory string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/targetAirport Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/duration double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tempPlace string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftPatrol MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicFusionGenre MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/network Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd9 string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoot string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneReviewsName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalist Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/derivedWord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waistSize double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeBook string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subtitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dorlandsSuffix string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/school EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/childOrganisation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weight double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/membership langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunchDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenMixed string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagLink string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/monarch Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/faaLocationIdentifier string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bioclimate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isHandicappedAccessible boolean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSubgroup MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplementalDraftYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spurOf Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanicActivity string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeCollectivity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chiefEditor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/educationPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vein Vein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sudocId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relative Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/failedLaunches nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/releaseDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryUnitSize string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/author Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mood string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncaaTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fate langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organisation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iobdbId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeMemorial string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usSales nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisions nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasJunctionWith Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orderInOffice string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wordBefore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subTribus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/newspaper PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacewalkEnd date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mentor Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approximateCalories double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberBuilt nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftPosition nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateUse date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ruralMunicipality PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/review anyURI
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circulation nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/veneratedIn Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/production nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndex float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/acceleration double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotal nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPlatformLevels integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generationUnits langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geminiAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enginePower positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerBroadcastNetwork BroadcastNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/graySubject positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/plant Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterStation Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/years gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStations nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefectMandate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingSize double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boxerStyle BoxingStyle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/area double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tennisSurfaceType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopWristband nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalPhonePrefix string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/name langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexRank string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareOfAudience float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineRegion WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastStationClass string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundedBy Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kinOfLanguage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/asWikiText string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstMention string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/censusYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiteracyWomen float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflSeason string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fibahof string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/identificationSymbol string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cemetery Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainIsland Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNLWindmotoren string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depictionDescription langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seatNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collaboration Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/communityIsoCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionDateLeader date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetro nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causalties string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/designer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taste string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minorityFloorLeader integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startWct string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conservationStatus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bloodGroup string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentRecord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectKeyword string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/analogChannel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfHouses string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apparentMagnitude double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingsSingles nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainerClub SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clothSize string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lymph Lymph
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eMedicineTopic langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/informationName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentBronze nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startCareer string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primogenitor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/size_v integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeProgScore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationDensity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/channel Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oclc string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriverCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/infantMortality float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingInformation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalist Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeDanseScore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radioStation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/messierName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraftTeam HockeyTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generalCouncil TermOfOffice
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeStadium Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTeamCup string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowerAge nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sixthFormStudents string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assets double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presentName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fourthCommander Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectObjective string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/departmentCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeats nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protestantPercentage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalStartPoint Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/targetSpaceStation SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poles nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/founder Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairColor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionLink string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endingTheme Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRestaurants nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/emblem string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tie nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrincipal Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feature string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colourHexCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefecture PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genre Genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wheelbase double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/course double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creationYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cites string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/namedByLanguage Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landskap string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableStudent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/storyEditor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeLandRegistry string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChoreographer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedFunctions List
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pccSecretary string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportsFunction string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/particularSign string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInMinnanyuChinese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachingRecord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dam Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentInfrastructure Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGraves string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/photographer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctChildren nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissionerDate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unloCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volumeQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/airportUsing string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productShape string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/starring Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nrhpReferenceNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/centuryBreaks integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsidiary Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeProgCompetition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/show TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/plays string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaLand double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndYearMgr gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/portfolio string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicians MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/student Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSpeakers nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/location Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazon string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/snowParkNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dist_ly string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStars nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/setupTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/matchPoint string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceLeaderParty PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliament Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueWinner SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/throwingSide string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunch date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageCharacterSize nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hipSize double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/authorityTitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collection string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterPercentage float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastRace GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingTemperature string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalLanguage Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recommissioningDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/libretto string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unicode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldOpen string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTie nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/makeupArtist Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latinName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriverTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomeration Agglomeration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPerYear nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/branchTo AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ofsCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brainInfoNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organ Organ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementBlock string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSection MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relation Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstentions nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/citySince string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/laurenceOlivierAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoGas double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmpEvaDuration double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoWater double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundationPlace City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superTribus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/march MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usedInWar MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDeaths string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoLocationIdentifier string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastPublicationDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/automobileModel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchPPNCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingLabel RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdPlace string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingNations nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carNumber integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perimeter double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingle Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victims string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowest string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftUser Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartYearMgr gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLanes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/animator Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ideology Ideology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/epoch string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileExtension string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/virtualChannel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftBomber MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionMajority nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalRanking positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nndbId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orderDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tu string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerPartner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locusSupplementaryData string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/escalafon string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endPoint Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestLap nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enshrinedDeity Deity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedMeanOfTransportation MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landPercentage float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sheading PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/model string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originallyUsedFor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchWinkelID string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasKMLData string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlightStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftInterceptor MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/border PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bedCount nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceModule string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speedLimit double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestWsopRank nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restoreDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unesco PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battingSide string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lake BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redSkiPisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/writer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bigPoolRecord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meanRadius double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topLevelDomain string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeLogo nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestFinish string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/anthem Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoAirlineCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralAdvisor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdDriverCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingEndDate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/impactFactor double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licensee string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discontinued date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/land Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorIsland Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greenLongDistancePisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tessitura string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDoubleFemale Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/undraftedYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionServed Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeMunicipalMonument string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEvent Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/races nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeStatus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosMixed string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collegeHof string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalYears gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamPoint nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ascent string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/security string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winterTemperature double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingTheme Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diocese Diocese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurKo nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principalEngineer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/role string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/damsire Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dockedTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mvp string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementAbove ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/handisport string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeThumbnail string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owningOrganisation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agencyStationCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/different string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurFight nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/participatingIn SocietalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dcc string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canBaggageChecked boolean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disciple Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iconographicAttributes langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaRank string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationally boolean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olivierAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsGroup MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/event Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehiclesPerDay nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tenant Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regime string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tonyAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalMap string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sea Sea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentMember Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarOrbitTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/picturesCommonsCategory string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/languageRegulator Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProduct double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazonLink string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectCoordinator Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radio RadioStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublicationDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coastLength float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrban nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalEndPoint Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlightStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deadInFightDate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCoordinate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryBranch MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantBuilding Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesBronze nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usingCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lccn string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIntercommunality nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGoldMedalsWon nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runningMate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctWomen nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/co2Emission double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grave string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closed date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ist string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colonialName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraftYear date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quebecerTitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazonCaption string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeJunction RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMunicipalities nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerYearsEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startDateTime dateTime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/project Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalTracks integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superbowlWin string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conservationStatusSystem string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/familyMember Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingMaleAthletes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehicle Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/background string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/center string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demolitionYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/zdb string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageAlcohol nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParityRank string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/world Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redLongDistancePisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subregion Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentGold nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitaryAuthority PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cesarAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/termPeriod TimePeriod
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/description langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/einecsNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reportingMark string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstProMatch string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderName Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareDate gYearMonth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conflict MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNLVerdwenen string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tag date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisionLink string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicComposer MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLawyers nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectTeam HockeyTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/criteria string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hometown Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seasonNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isRouteStop RouteStop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scale string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/captureDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/widthQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeDistrict PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demographics Demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geology string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumTemperature double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestLap string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeaguePromoted SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/names langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalFlight date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherWins nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnMice string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subPrefecture string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closeTo Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tattoo string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launches nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fansgroup string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/population Population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/war string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endDateTime dateTime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousDemographics Demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startOccupation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/votesAgainst nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeasons nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourConstellations string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightTributary River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefix string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSpaceflight Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialist string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalMixed string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deliveryDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParityYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championships nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCardiff double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstBroadcast string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reffBourgmestre Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPlayers nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/league SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/okatoCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/producedBy Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/touristicSite Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frazioni PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viafId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeNationalMonument string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipCrew Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/band string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blueLongDistancePisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalDiscs integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/friend Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/missionDuration double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanChampionship string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ndlId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandStructure MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainCharacter Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachSeason string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mastersWins Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementGroup nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wingArea double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linkedSpace string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStartLocation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornByAthlete Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depthQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ecNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imageSize integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jockey Jockey
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wholeArea Area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextMission SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/compiler Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfRock string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataAirlineCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aSide string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/book string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYears string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouse Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackNumber positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disbanded date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crewSize nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lcc string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battle MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLines nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/glycemicIndex integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightAscension nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bodyDiscovered Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevatorCount nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lahHof string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northWestPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dbnlCodeDutch string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftAttack MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageLength nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/institution Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/club SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primeMinister Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/albedo double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retirementDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso31661Code string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bustWaistHipSize string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEntity Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/features Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelType fuelType
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/painter Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGraduateStudents nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryUnit MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commander Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soundRecording Sound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthClub SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floodingDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalArtist MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncome double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/annualTemperature double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capacityFactor float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/residence Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principalArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevationQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eloRecord nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/measurements string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/price double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryFunction string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterCollege College
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstGame string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingStartDate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/result string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frontierLength float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalMaximumBoatBeam double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tribus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phonePrefixLabel langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldProvince PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drugbank string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relativeAtomicMass nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/probowlPick string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherLanguage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radius_ly integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVisitors nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipDisplacement double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayDesignation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalPeriod double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fc nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wingspan double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsMajorSector MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lawCountry string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOfficials nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/callSign string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colleague Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalPhonePrefixLabel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usk integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlightEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leftChild Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerClub SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFamilyMember Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftElectronic MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfNeighbourhood nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/overallRecord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bird Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geologicPeriod string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestCity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondLeader Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinTown Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/documentNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fillingStation FillingStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairs string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flower Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rank string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCounties nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bandMember Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commonName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proSince string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergerDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pgaWins Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fareZone string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artery Artery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solubility integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/suppreddedDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/istat string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/extinctionYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceiling positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentType GovernmentType
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateOfAbandonment date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/score double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentMostSteady SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstAstronaut Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feastDay date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEditor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hraState string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsTotal nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryOrigin Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentSeason string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInMindongyuChinese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherChannel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopItm nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beltwayCity City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIslands nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refgeo string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithBadSolubility ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorArea double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apskritis string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nobelLaureates Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demonym langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandant Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncbhof string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shortProgScore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCriminal string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mapCaption string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunch date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergedIntoParty PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageAnnualGeneration double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumInclination float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lyrics Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDischarge double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/allegiance string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/termOfOffice string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isoCodeRegion string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vonKlitzingConstant double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVineyards nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rotationPeriod double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerPrizeMoney double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCollectionItems integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/signName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalKey string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/award Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicGroup EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionCompany Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/movie Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentSilver nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/airDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeamMember TeamMember
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crew SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protein double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/office string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSuites nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drainsFrom AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/temperature double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/information string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfNewlyIntroducedSports nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalTitle langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/muteCharacterInPlay string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmPolskiId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusType langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/developer Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blueSkiPisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocationStart integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalCoordinates string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circumcised string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/casSupplemental string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceLetter string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedBy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestReleaseVersion string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftTrainer MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/river River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelTypeName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/consecration string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/espnId integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retired date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalMajority PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrator Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationCity City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCapitalDeputies nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfCatchmentQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southEastPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premiereYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/employer Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainBuilding string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasInsidePlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bowlRecord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/albumRuntime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/height double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagBorder string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentGeneralCouncil Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterCargo MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacecraft Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityAbsorbedBy Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseqmrna string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCapital double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalMaximumBoatLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousMission SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementPosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governingBody Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/polishFilmAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/entourage Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/keyPerson Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/declination nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ithfDate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenancyArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locomotive Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/forces string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/voice Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousPopulation Population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/authorityMandate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/votesFor nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ruling string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contractAward date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/budgetYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateRed nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/min nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalArrondissement string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hallOfFame string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/languageCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eurobabeIndexId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPoint Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraftYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeBE string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurNoContest nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAttack string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRun nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentLeague SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeListOfHonour string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalCargo double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerYearsStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tvComId integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greenSkiPisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticValue float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentWorldChampion Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/watershed double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerStation CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentPosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/credit string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/composer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingFilm Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/training EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/christeningDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/innervates AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSilverMedalsWon nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draft string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentClosingSeason SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topSpeed double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGames Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousWork Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/year gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYearOfInsertion gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/procedure string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regency PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameAsOf gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainIslands string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/periapsis double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanUnionEntranceDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToDouglas double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltiesTeamA string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diploma Diploma
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flora string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/signature string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/judge Judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owns Thing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInWadeGilesChinese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/killedBy string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriverCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coronationDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cosparId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPerDay nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alternativeTitle langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localizationThumbnailCaption string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentGeneralCouncilMandate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gross double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastTranslator string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainFamilyBranch Family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateLastUpdated date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasAbsorbedMunicipality FormerMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToNearestCity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentSilver nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwaySurface string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inscription string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxApparentMagnitude double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorYearsEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/council string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debutTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headLabel langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCanton nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentRank nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalBand Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hgncid string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linkedTo Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lengthQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hopmanCup string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tuition double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPages positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasOutsidePlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/zipCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/individualisedPnd nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/asiaChampionship string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentOpeningSeason SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableFeatures string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryGovernment string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provinceIsoCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discharge double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spokenIn PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/suborbitalFlights nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorYearsStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/networth double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fossil Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOrigin Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOrbits nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageExtracted dateTime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftRecon MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provinceLink Province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/barPassRate float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackWidth double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ko nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associateEditor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managingEditor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInHangulKorean langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/strength string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherSportsExperience Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circuitName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankAgreement nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rkdArtistsId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentPartner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/westPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithMediocreSolubility ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usopenWins Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subprefecture PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriverCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/executiveHeadteacher Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehicleCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ageRange nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retentionTime string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dubber Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fauna string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fcRuns nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personFunction PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelCapacity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/layingDown date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStateDeputies nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInSimplifiedChinese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationIdentifier string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nearestCity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/summerTemperature double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthPosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/automobilePlatform Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leader Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartDateMgr date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocketStages nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/testaverage float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterTransport MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sovereignCountry PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/damage Currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discoverer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/magazine Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/badGuy string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlight SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/awardName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carbohydrate double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplementalDraftRound string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedBy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/acquirementDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchMIPCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficient float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiteracyMen float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacewalkBegin date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/command string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cinematography Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geolocDepartment PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTopographicSystemMapNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeLabel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageOfAreaWater float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenRaspberryAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalPopulation nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestPreviewVersion string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPeopleLicensed nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageOutDegree nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fipsCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateMagenta integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmRuntime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northEastPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalDistrict PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/followingEvent Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouseName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/detractor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInJapanese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seiyu Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceTraveled double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ridId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boxerCategory BoxingCategory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalTravellers nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foot string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/podiums nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seatingCapacity nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToLondon double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creator Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/age integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPixels nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galicianSpeakersPercentage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amgid string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVehicles nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundingDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/effectiveRadiatedPower double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owningCompany Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerStatus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/groupCommemorated string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/building Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atcSupplemental string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brand TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comic Comic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mandate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestReleaseDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crews nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stockExchange string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalMass double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notifyDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cuisine string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demographicsAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachedTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editorTitle langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/committee string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitCost double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atcSuffix string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bustSize double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/work string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leagueManager SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carcinogen string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageClassSize float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAgainst string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affair string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersPerYear nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/setDesigner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEndDirection string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageDepth double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSoiusaCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateYellow integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volumes WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeProvincialMonument string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverBranchOf River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/synonym string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perifocus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/piercing string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contest Contest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dryCargo double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPercentageChange double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pastMember Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iftaAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedMusicalArtist MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/army string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueRelegated SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraftYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gaudiAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingBuilding Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLaps nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patron Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continent Continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geolocDual string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victoryPercentageAsMgr double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/animal Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournament Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateBudget date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landArea double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceHorse RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagSize integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentRank integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arm string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentThisSeason SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landtag string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penisLength string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentGold nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourRegion string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/individualisedGnd string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sex string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6391Code string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncomeRank string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scientificName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secretaryGeneral Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satellite string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routePrevious RouteStop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfGrain string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purpose string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iihfHof string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenant Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorArticle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/accessDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headteacher Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pluviometry string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYearOfSales gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequencyOfPublication string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/toll double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/towerHeight positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourcePosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thumbnail Image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingCity Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debutWork Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pronunciation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPlace string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unknownOutcomes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/expedition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIsland string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterUtility MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTracks nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/postalCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reservations boolean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bpnId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headOfFamily Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/code string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selectionPoint nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/slogan langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/museum Museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/emmyAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inflow River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenFlight date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coden string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/county PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startPoint Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstOlympicEvent OlympicEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraft string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depths Depth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inseeCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingleFemale Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastAirDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/temple string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diseasesDb string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creatorOfDish Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterObservation MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/requirement string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/delegation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skinColor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bnfId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subMunicipalityType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPeerReviewed boolean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/netIncome double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imposedDanseScore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/company Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanicType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/intercommunality PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeDirection string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdCommander Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architectualBureau Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineYear date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/almaMater EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceLeader Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/delegateMayor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoeNumber positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/water string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lifeExpectancy string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmColourType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pseudonym langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/department PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldDistrict PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/salary double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocket Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInPinyinChinese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refgen string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarRover MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bioavailability float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeArena Arena
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateUnveiled date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneReviewsId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alias langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCoach Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductRank string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMembers nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSupergroup MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redListIdNL integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTurns nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlight SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artisticFunction string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolved date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fat double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestPreviewDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presentMunicipality Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/saint Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesSilver nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/narrator Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowerEarthOrbitPayload double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalMixed string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMatches integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumArea string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondDriver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arrestDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/placeOfBurial Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flyingHours double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chromosome string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mapDescription string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editor Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/symbol string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headquarter PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSpans nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isoCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipDraft double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournament Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/roleInEvent Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pistonStroke double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYearOfInsertion gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pdb string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductPerPeople string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductPurchasingPowerParityPerCapita GrossDomesticProductPerCapita
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceArea double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalDanseCompetition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governorate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statusManager string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceText langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religiousOrder ClericalOrder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genomeDB string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cultivatedVariety CultivatedVariety
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/casualties integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/branchFrom AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissioner string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boilingPoint double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victoryAsMgr nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drama Drama
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/block string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceeb string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptTitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulationTotal nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRockets nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settlementAttached Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/littlePoolRecord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParity string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/racketCatching string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayWidth double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerInTeam Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/second nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfFilms nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthYears gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/backhand string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/voltageOfElectrification double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbeychurchBlessing string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/logo string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/garrison PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriverTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nutsCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coach Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/derivative MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopeningDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discovered date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/metropolitanBorough PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/membershipAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noContest nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGoals integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coastLine double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVisitorsAsOf gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/completionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cableCar nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arrondissement PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academicAdvisor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/added date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dorlandsPrefix string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeTypeAbbreviation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ward string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/summerAppearances OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minorityLeader integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeFlightTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eruption string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncomeAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasNaturalBust string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circuitLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfBronzeMedalsWon nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitedStatesNationalBridgeId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endCareer string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport Sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/id string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageDepthQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherActivity string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingSite string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchNAIdentifier string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crownDependency string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endOccupation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prominence double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateDelegate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairmanTitle langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/splitFromParty PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberSold nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engineer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officerInCharge Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cylinderCount nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debut date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentSilver nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/callsignMeaning string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceResult SportCompetitionResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/entrezgene string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peopleName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gun string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateExtended date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndDateMgr string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enemy Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ra string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inclination float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sharingOutPopulation nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/max nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blackSkiPisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraft string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/translatedMotto string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentWork Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergedSettlement Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedRocket Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoreLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationDemographics Demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/workArea double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relics string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfArrondissement nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gnl string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonMixed string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfAcademicStaff nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colorChart string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSportsEvents nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceo Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherAppearances OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentRegionalCouncil Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToDublin double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speciality string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnChickens string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrbanDensity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInTraditionalChinese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publicationDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingFilm Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInMixedDouble Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phonePrefix nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/updated date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestSettlement PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/space nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedAct Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsMainPart MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/language Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/interest string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southWestPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chorusCharacterInPlay string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipLaunch date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ground Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heisman string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelLineVehicle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluencePosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionYears date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/installedCapacity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunchRocket Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityRank nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarModule string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cost double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriverTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/episodeNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/custodian Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliamentaryGroup string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/party PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partyNumber integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/date date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialTrial nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherParty PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/afdbId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/escapeVelocity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherInformation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/member string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imposedDanseCompetition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/choreographer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDepthQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appearancesInLeague nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causeOfDeath string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crewMember Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jointCommunity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capital City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyes string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfAnatomicalStructure AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deanery Deanery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eTeatrId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceDistrict PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presenter Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeamYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/representative nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noteOnRestingPlace string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frozen string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/successfulLaunches nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bibsysId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordLabel RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/registryNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jstor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeport Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfWineries nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landtagMandate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fedCup string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statValue double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notSolubleIn ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landRegistryCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coemperor Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersUsedSystem string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isCityState string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satellitesDeployed nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/complexity string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateAgreement date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/income string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingLotsTrucks nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rating float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/territory PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ensembl string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inchi string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToBelfast double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/starRating float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formula string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldChampionTitleYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recentWinner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLiveAlbums nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeshiftChannel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sales Sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/establishment integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meaning string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/note string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/third nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bSide string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisionName Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordedIn PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEmployees nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfSearch PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approvedByUpperParliament date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorityLeader integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingLotsCars nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalSeats nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialEffects Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/density double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataLocationIdentifier string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grindingCapability string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/compressionRatio string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/egafdId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumInclination float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverMouth BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentOrganisation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patronSaint Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileSize double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestRankDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tournamentRecord string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hof string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialLanguage Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateSaturation integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supply Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millSpan double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdDriver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/house Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eventDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastWin GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rival School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artist Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grandsire Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientRanking positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/range positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentLastChampion SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/polePosition nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cylinderBore double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/laterality string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scene string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wilaya Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightChild Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInHanjaKorean langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/illiteracy float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/manager Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/adjacentSettlement Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assetUnderManagement double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/father Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clubsRecordGoalscorer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/origin PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aggregation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageFat nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParkingSpaces nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverBranch River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestElection date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nlaId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastElectionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftRound string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associateStar Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousPopulationTotal nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dist_pc integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filename string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/idNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/danseScore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isniId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVolumes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/race Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateConstruction date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftPick string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/status string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dressCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/precursor Embryology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalChampionship string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalLanguage Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeScoreCompetition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/councilArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/absoluteMagnitude double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publisher Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetroDensity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSports nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaMetro double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colour Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/daira Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alongside Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSatelliteLaunched Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comment string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulationYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeCoordinate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectReferenceID string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isbn string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorStatisticsAsOf gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meanTemperature double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd1 string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/anniversary date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/revenue double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/televisionSeries TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creativeDirector Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sublimationPoint double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersPerDay nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uniprot string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superintendent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deFactoLanguage Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/liberationDate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atcPrefix string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clothingSize string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastPosition positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCity nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfCatchment double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taxon Taxon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundingYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCantons nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPeopleAttending nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eruptionYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopWinYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goalsInLeague nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivision Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbeychurchBlessingCharge string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorFunction string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeNext RouteStop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hybrid Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/swimmingStyle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bourgmestre Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nisCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approvedByLowerParliament date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicSubgenre MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/university EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worstDefeat string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextEvent Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingCompany Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chaplain Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudioAlbums nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fighter string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSubsection MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feat string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endReign Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/policeName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerPoints integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfProfessionals nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alumni Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanoId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ngcName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/allcinemaId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orcidId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/employersCelebration string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationality Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fees double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfAlbums nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/certification string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseq string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticYear date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectBudgetFunding double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/team SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPointIsland string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftTransport MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRooms nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/defeat nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorMandate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/systemOfLaw SystemOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationVisitDuration double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6393Code string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/smiles string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentMountainPeak Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmFareAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunchDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateGreen nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceremonialCounty PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenGlobeAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usurper Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wagon TrainCarriage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnRats string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/competitionTitle SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railGauge double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/person Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foalDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/argueDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atPage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/defeatAsMgr nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePresident Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceNumberLabel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectParticipant Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalLeader PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceRegion Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateCompleted date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/configuration engineConfiguration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/province Province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd10 string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaTotal double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEnd RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableCommander Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/issDockings nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isil string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialOpenedBy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redline double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/omim integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoFuel double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalCouncil TermOfOffice
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orientation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCountries positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programCost double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currencyCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generalManager Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lengthReference string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentRegionalCouncilMandate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiterate float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/templeYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amsterdamCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/episode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mgiid string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurDefeat nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coverArtist Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/websiteLabel langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalPublicationDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/releaseLocation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/budget double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/region Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerBandMember Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goyaAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOffices nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateHue integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inn string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStart RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicFormat string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flag string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longDistancePisteKilometre double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fight nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mukhtar string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicity EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/podium nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subjectTerm string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/definition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/qatarClassic string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateBlue nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currency Currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralStudent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/squadNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandModule string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMinistries nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elo nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associationOfLocalGovernment PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reigningPope Pope
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/address langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seniunija string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medalist Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributor Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/offeredClasses string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestBuildingInYear date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeStockExchange string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarEvaTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/combatant string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfReactors nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contractor Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChannel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalPosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creationChristianBishop string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/molecularWeight nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apcPresident Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotalRanking positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/breeder Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victory nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legislativePeriodName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/billed PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artPatron Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVillages nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artificialSnowArea float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fullScore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopened date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/basedOn Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterNewspaper Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pubchem string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eMedicineSubject langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageInDegree nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestRank integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ulanId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefaceBy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/popularVote nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/equity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeatsInParliament nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comparable Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diameter double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/baftaAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEndLocation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumBoatBeam double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalFlights nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamSize nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicBand Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeIndex string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/opponent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrimeMinister Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithGoodSolubility ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeSettlement string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fundedBy Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/avifaunaPopulation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingVehicle SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hubAirport Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/groundsForLiquidation langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCharingCross double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/album Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startWqs string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishWins Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptItm nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refcul string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/extinctionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamCoached SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterAttack MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tree Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seniority string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondDriverCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/material string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/umbrellaTitle langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6392Code string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depth double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/established string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/length double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/place PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumAreaQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTeams nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxAbsoluteMagnitude double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestWin string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondPlace string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solicitorGeneral Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankArea nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportSpecialty Sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statusYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingAthletes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVolunteers nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gameArtist Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deme string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settingOfPlay string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railwayPlatforms string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalArticle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceFormOccurrenceOffset string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notes string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeamMatchPoint string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/catholicPercentage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeMap string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grammyAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathAge nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iucnCategory string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/booster Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscent string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fdaUniiCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iupacName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageRevisionID integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextEntity Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nerve Nerve
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstWinner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/technique string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commune Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shape Community
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outflow River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cousurper Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeamManager SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classification string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipBeam double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentlyUsedFor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequency double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplies AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topic string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startReign Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/detectionMethod string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heir Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPoint Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiPisteKilometre double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/champion Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchPad LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublisher Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalLaunches nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlightEndDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestBreak integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orthologousGene Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seasonManager string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalFunction string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organisationMember OrganisationMember
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sibling Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brainInfoType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/route string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/utcOffset string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owner Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wavelength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestRankSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stadium Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/exhibition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/onChromosome integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/federalState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/certificationDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inCemetery Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/systemRequirements string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceElevation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPopularVote Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationStructure string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalPrefecture string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/competition Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/convictionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPiersInWater nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlacePosition SpatialThing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/departmentPosition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstRace GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sameName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atRowNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ekatteCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editing Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regentOf Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalEccentricity float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refpol string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/siren nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/time string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildingYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meltingPoint double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumAreaQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingleMale Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/roofHeight nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryRank nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/registration string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCompetitors nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/part Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/average double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/road Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachClub SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamTitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighboringMunicipality PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/title langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbits integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/idAllocine string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taoiseach Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstWin GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openAccessContent string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentCompany Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chiefPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/power string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flashPoint integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToEdinburgh double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/upperAge nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalFilmAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsystem string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/output float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/case string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coalition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spike string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaWater double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsystemLink string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiTow nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldTeamCoached SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayor Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/documentDesignation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/manufacturer Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academyAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchSite Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protectionStatus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedBand Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorCount positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/awayColourHexCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenMixed string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uciCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lccnId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athleticsDiscipline Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenancy string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeInSpace double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/valvetrain valvetrain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulation Population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchArtworkCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mount string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/naacpImageAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftFighter MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ibdbId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/screenActorsGuildAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ingredientName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lineLength double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goalsInNationalTeam nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gasChambers string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPads nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareSource string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraft string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherFamilyBranch Family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sessionNumber integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/island Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLost nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oversight string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSatellite Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDependency nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicBy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eventDescription string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraftTeam HockeyTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grayPage positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galicianSpeakersDate gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tournamentOfChampions string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceWins nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDoubleMale Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mediaItem File
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalist Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalDanseScore string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiLift nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingsDoubles nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/incumbent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ordination date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorTitle langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/district PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornBy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publiclyAccessible string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerTitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/casNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crosses River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalInclination float
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/translator Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/occupation PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagCaption string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipality PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locality string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appearancesInNationalTeam nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankInFinalMedalCount positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/start nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thumbnailCaption string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operatingIncome double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imdbId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/missions nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sharingOutPopulationYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeHeadCity City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasSurfaceForm string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subFamily Taxon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterMultirole MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facilityId integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outskirts string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organSystem AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dec string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarSurfaceTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfClubs nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorityFloorLeader integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfFederalDeputies nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/novel Novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageID integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocation GeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retiredRocket Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alternativeName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/caterer Caterer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopter MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAppearance string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazonRatio double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/catch string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/livingPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeColourHexCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chef Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueSeason SoccerLeagueSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentTopScorer SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reignName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/origo AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourhood string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/federation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationEvaDuration double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliamentType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mirDockings nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/believers string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/horseRidingDiscipline HorseRiding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/memberOfParliament Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publication string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winterAppearances OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premiereDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityLink string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selibrId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeCenter Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearOfConstruction gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landeshauptmann Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaUrban double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/curator Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/family Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/executiveProducer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/transmission string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingFemaleAthletes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStartDirection string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostTeam string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingRoad Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportDiscipline Sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmVersion Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ableToGrind string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settlement PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEntrances nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentMostSuccesfull SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/senior string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateValue integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltiesTeamB string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/characterInPlay string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeBlazon string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterArea double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/torqueOutput double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greekName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEpisodes nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cannonNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthDistrict PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefect Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourcePlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bgafdId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/limit string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalSingle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonDouble string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governorGeneral Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationRural nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerHighschool EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournament Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalMixed string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canton Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalPartyInLegislature PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arielAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurVictory nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseqprotein string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraftTeam HockeyTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentPerson Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaTotalRanking positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesWins string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbreviation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeNumber string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondPopularVote Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequentlyUpdated string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coExecutiveProducer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chain Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/v_hb integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentCity City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentBronze nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architect Architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagBearer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apoapsis double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/width double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumDischarge double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deputy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discovery string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarLandingSite string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfMilitaryConflict MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/component AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildingDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastNetwork BroadcastNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decommissioningDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryCommand string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSettlement nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fullCompetition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/introductionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationRuralDensity double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/destination PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamManager SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/marketCapitalisation double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appointer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topFloorHeight nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearElevationIntoNobility string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicGroupsInYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLeader Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battleHonours string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/climbUpNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairperson Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublicationYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyeColor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partialFailedLaunches nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deadInFightPlace string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jutsu string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameDay date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeDutch string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoeSize string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocationEnd integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDouble Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/biggestCity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/games string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentGold nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationName string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proPeriod string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sire Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/value nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wins nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelConsumption string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longDistancePisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectBudgetTotal double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementPeriod nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leftTributary River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoots string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colourName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYearOfSales gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/introduced date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gameModus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationQuote string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/initiallyUsedFor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mostDownPoint Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/day date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/film Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenCalfAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trustee Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherName langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selectionYear string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesGold nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissioningDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumArea string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playingTime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superFamily Taxon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionStartYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galleryItem File
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalMountain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volume double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stellarClassification OrderedCollection
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageModified dateTime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/growingGrape Grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/instrument Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/placeOfWorship Church
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainerYears gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/actingHeadteacher Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peabodyAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/college EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bridgeCarries string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCriminalAction string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shortProgCompetition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/other integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorCouncillor string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locatedInArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiPisteNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateOfBurial date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icdo string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLaunches nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/displacement double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reign string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disappearanceDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeDistrict string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mountainRange MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalPublicationYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eastPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/costumeDesigner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distance double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/davisCup string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastProMatch string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateBlack integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityRenamedTo string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/footedness Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pole string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldcode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decay date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nssdcId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iafdId string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/showJudge Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runtime double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingWins nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/performer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/borough PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationArea Area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highschool School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateCyanic integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/powerOutput double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingEndYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasAnnotation Annotation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDepth double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankPopulation nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comitat string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stylisticOrigin MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atomicNumber nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadership string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltyScore integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sentence string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacestation SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/free string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pastor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/designCompany Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engine AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/afiAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endangeredSince date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/announcedFrom Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/watercourse string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/issn string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchRKDCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnRabbits string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAboveAverageTerrain double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/producer Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pisciculturalPopulation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/created Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chEBI string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relief string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalChannel string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderTitle langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jureLanguage Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/urbanArea string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectLeague SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedPlace PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenVoyage date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfYeast string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nominee Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptTitle string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/month string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architecturalMovement string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/destructionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornByJudge Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopeningYear gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/impactFactorAsOf gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMembersAsOf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncaaSeason string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/danseCompetition string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noteOnPlaceOfBurial string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInCantoneseChinese langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/access string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/americanComedyAward Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demolitionDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarSampleMass double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliate string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drainsTo AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmAudioType string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longtype string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluencePlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parish PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusSize double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apofocus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headChef Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaRural double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedPlaces List
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestYearWsop gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptFinalTable nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decideDate date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quotation string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousInfrastructure Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftLeague string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairColour string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coProducer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfStorage string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tvShow TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/barangays string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerYears date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainspan double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCrew nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageSpeed double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentStatus string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfWineRegion WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dischargeAverage double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capacity nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aitaCode string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateClosed date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfHoles integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNL string
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/length millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile/wheelbase millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/totalMass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaUrban squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarSampleMass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/volume cubicKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/volume cubicMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoWater kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/width millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/co2Emission gramPerKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/height millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/periapsis kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/height millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/dockedTime day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/apoapsis kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/diameter millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/originalMaximumBoatLength metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/stationVisitDuration hour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoFuel kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/minimumDischarge cubicMetrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/periapsis kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/boilingPoint kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/width millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/width millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/apoapsis kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/watershed squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/maximumBoatLength metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/meanTemperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaMetro squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut/timeInSpace minute
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/dischargeAverage cubicMetrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/diameter metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/width millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationMetroDensity inhabitantsPerSquareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/length millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/width millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/distanceTraveled kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/cylinderBore millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation/populationDensity inhabitantsPerSquareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/height millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/maximumDischarge cubicMetrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/maximumTemperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/periapsis kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/totalCargo kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/freeFlightTime day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/length millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle/timeInSpace day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaTotal squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/discharge cubicMetrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/torqueOutput newtonMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/pistonStroke millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarSurfaceTime hour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug/boilingPoint kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/maximumBoatBeam metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/density kilogramPerCubicMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile/fuelCapacity litre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/maximumTemperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationDensity inhabitantsPerSquareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarOrbitTime hour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/density kilogramPerCubicMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/diameter metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work/runtime minute
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/height millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/meanRadius kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/minimumTemperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/height millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoGas kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/meanRadius kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation/volume cubicMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/cmpEvaDuration hour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationUrbanDensity inhabitantsPerSquareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/orbitalPeriod day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/length millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug/meltingPoint kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/diameter metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School/campusSize squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/minimumTemperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/width millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/topSpeed kilometrePerHour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/originalMaximumBoatBeam metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/diameter metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/meanTemperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket/lowerEarthOrbitPayload kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarEvaTime hour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/orbitalPeriod day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/temperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/meltingPoint kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/length millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software/fileSize megabyte
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation/areaMetro squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/displacement cubicCentimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/temperature kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix/course kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure/length kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/surfaceArea squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/diameter millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/acceleration second
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/width millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/averageSpeed kilometrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/height millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/apoapsis kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/averageSpeed kilometrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/missionDuration day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/height millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LunarCrater/diameter kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/powerOutput kilowatt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/weight kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/surfaceArea squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/density kilogramPerCubicMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/mass kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle/distance kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/diameter metre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person/height centimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/shoreLength kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/length millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/area squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building/floorArea squareMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix/distance kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/areaOfCatchment squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/dryCargo kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/stationEvaDuration hour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/volume cubicKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/length millimetre
