http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalPartyOfLeader Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceLaps GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishOpen Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherOccupation Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ons Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityType PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shuttle SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyeColour Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ranking School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subClassis Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blackLongDistancePisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearOfElectrification Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastSeason FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumTemperature Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptItm PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/illustrator WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weddingParentsDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherMedia Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDistrict Department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriver GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateAct Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medlinePlus Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/externalOrnament Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minority Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reference Reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/massif SkiResort
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishComedyAwards Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/altitude Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunchRocket LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceCountry River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginPoint Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleLanguage Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launch Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherServingLines Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestMetro Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/species Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementRegion Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localPhonePrefix PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bicycleInformation Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gridReference Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtSenEuro GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchCOROPCode Region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalRegion PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStaff Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gymApparatus Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentBronze Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCallsign Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptFinalTable PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileURL File
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ccaState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceGravity Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/attorneyGeneral LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gnisCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenFlightRocket YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceTrack SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/loadLimit Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolCode School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfBombs Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxTime Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/theology ChristianDoctrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLocations Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductNominalPerCapita PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceEndDate MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctMen PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalSubChannel Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAirDate Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nonProfessionalCareer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumBoatLength Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/guest TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastRepeater Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/participant Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/torchBearer Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/copilote Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mother Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondCommander MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDistricts Regency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTitle Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localization Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spokesperson PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subjectOfPlay Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/observatory Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalName Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/targetAirport Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/duration Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportCountry Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tempPlace ChartsPlacements
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftPatrol MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicFusionGenre MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/network Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd9 Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoot Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneReviewsName Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eparchy ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalist SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/derivedWord Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waistSize Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeBook LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dorlandsSuffix AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/school Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/childOrganisation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/membership Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunchDate LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenMixed TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/faaLocationIdentifier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bioclimate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isHandicappedAccessible Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSubgroup Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/construction ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplementalDraftYear GridironFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spurOf Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanicActivity Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeCollectivity Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chiefEditor Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collectivityMinority Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/educationPlace Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vein AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relative Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/powerType MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/author Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mood Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncaaTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fate Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iobdbId Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeMemorial Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/museumType Museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usSales Sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisions Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasJunctionWith Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wordBefore Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subTribus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/opponents MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/newspaper Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacewalkEnd SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mentor Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approximateCalories Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberBuilt Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftPosition Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateUse Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ruralMunicipality Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/review Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circulation WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotalReference Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/veneratedIn Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/production Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndex PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/acceleration AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPlatformLevels Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mediaType WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generationUnits PowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geminiAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enginePower MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerBroadcastNetwork Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/graySubject AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/plant Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterStation Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/years SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStations RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshId Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefectMandate RomaniaSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingSize Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boxerStyle Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopWristband PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalPhonePrefix PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexRank Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareOfAudience Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineRegion Grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastStationClass Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousName PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstMention PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/censusYear PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiteracyWomen PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflSeason Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fibahof Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/identificationSymbol MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cemetery ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainIsland Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNLWindmotoren Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seatNumber AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collaboration Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/communityIsoCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionDateLeader Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetro PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causalties MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taste Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startWct Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conservationStatus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bloodGroup Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentRecord CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectKeyword Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/analogChannel Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderParty PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfHouses ProtectedArea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/woRMS Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apparentMagnitude Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingsSingles TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainerClub SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/literaryGenre WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clothSize Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lymph AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/complexion Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eMedicineTopic Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/informationName Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthRegion River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentBronze Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startCareer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primogenitor Family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/size_v Openswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeProgScore Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationDensity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oclc WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriverCountry GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/infantMortality PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingInformation Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalist SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeDanseScore Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radioStation RadioStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/messierName CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraftTeam IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blockAlloy AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generalCouncil Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTeamCup Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowerAge School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causedBy Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sixthFormStudents School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assets Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfElectrification RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceNumber MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statistic Statistic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presentName FormerMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fourthCommander MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectObjective Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/departmentCode Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architecturalStyle ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeats MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protestantPercentage PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionDate PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalStartPoint Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/targetSpaceStation Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poles FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairColor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionLink Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endingTheme TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRestaurants Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/emblem PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tie Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/availableSmartCard Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrincipal School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feature FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefecture Department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluence River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wheelbase Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationDate Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/course GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cites Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/namedByLanguage Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landskap NorwaySettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableStudent Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/storyEditor TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeLandRegistry Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChoreographer FigureSkater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedFunctions Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportsFunction Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelStartDate MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/particularSign Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshName AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachingRecord CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/daylightSavingTimeZone Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dam Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentInfrastructure Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGraves Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/photographer TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctChildren PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissionerDate PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programmeFormat Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unloCode Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volumeQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/airportUsing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productShape Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/starring Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nrhpReferenceNumber HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/centuryBreaks SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsidiary Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeProgCompetition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bishopric ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pictureFormat Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/plays TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaLand Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mostWins Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndYearMgr Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proYear Athlete,_CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicians Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/student Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSpeakers Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/explorer Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/snowParkNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dist_ly Openswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStars Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/matchPoint Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceLeaderParty PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliament Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueWinner SoccerLeagueSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/throwingSide BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunch YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hipSize Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/authorityTitle RomaniaSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collection Museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterPercentage Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastRace FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingTemperature Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalLanguage Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recommissioningDate Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/libretto Opera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unicode Letter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldOpen Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTie Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/makeupArtist Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latinName AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriverTeam GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomeration PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPerYear ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/branchTo AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ofsCode Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brainInfoNumber Brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organ ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementBlock ChemicalElement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSection Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relation Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstentions StatedResolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/citySince PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/laurenceOlivierAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoGas Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmpEvaDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoWater Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionEndDate PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundationPlace Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superTribus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endDate Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/march MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usedInWar Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtJLPGA GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDeaths ConcentrationCamp
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoLocationIdentifier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastPublicationDate WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/automobileModel AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchPPNCode WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingLabel RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingNations Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carNumber FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perimeter Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingle SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowest Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftUser Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartYearMgr Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLanes RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/animator Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ideology Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/epoch Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileExtension File
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/virtualChannel Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftBomber MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalRanking School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nndbId Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orderDate Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tu Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/voiceType Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/varietals WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerPartner FigureSkater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locusSupplementaryData Protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/escalafon Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endPoint Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/field Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circle PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestLap FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enshrinedDeity Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedMeanOfTransportation MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriver GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landPercentage Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestRegion Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sheading PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/model Sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchWinkelID UndergroundJournal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasKMLData File
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlightStartDate SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftInterceptor MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/border Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bedCount Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceModule SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speedLimit RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestWsopRank PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unesco Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battingSide BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lake Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamName School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redSkiPisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classes School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/writer Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bigPoolRecord Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meanRadius Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topLevelDomain Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestFinish SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nation PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoAirlineCode Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralAdvisor Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdDriverCountry GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/impactFactor AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discontinued Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/map Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/land Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorIsland Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greenLongDistancePisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tessitura Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDoubleFemale SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/undraftedYear GridironFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionServed Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeMunicipalMonument Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEvent Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalCountry Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/races FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosMixed TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collegeHof Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalYears SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamPoint Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/security Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winterTemperature Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingTheme TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diocese Parish,_Deanery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurKo Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtNWIDE GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principalEngineer Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerSeason Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/damsire Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dockedTime Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mvp Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingStartYear ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/handisport Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationYear PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalRegion Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agencyStationCode Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/different Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurFight Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/participatingIn MemberResistanceMovement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dcc Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canBaggageChecked Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disciple Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iconographicAttributes Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedDate Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaRank Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdTeam GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationally Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olivierAward Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsGroup Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehiclesPerDay RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tenant ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regime Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tonyAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalMap Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentMember SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarOrbitTime SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProduct PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectCoordinator ResearchProject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radio Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublicationDate WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coastLength Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrban PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalEndPoint Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlightStartDate SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deadInFightDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCoordinate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryBranch MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantBuilding Architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesBronze Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usingCountry Currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lccn WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/style Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIntercommunality Department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGoldMedalsWon SportCompetitionResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctWomen PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/co2Emission AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grave Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closed EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ist PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colonialName PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraftYear IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quebecerTitle Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazonCaption Blazon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeJunction RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMunicipalities PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startDateTime Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/project Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalTracks Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superbowlWin Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conservationStatusSystem Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/familyMember Family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingMaleAthletes Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/philosophicalSchool Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/center NorwaySettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationYear Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demolitionYear ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aspectRatio Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/zdb PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageAlcohol Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParityRank PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/world Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redLongDistancePisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentMountain Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subregion Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentGold Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitaryAuthority PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthName Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cesarAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bloodType Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthPlace River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reportingMark PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstProMatch Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderName PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareDate Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNLVerdwenen Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisionLink Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicComposer Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLawyers LawFirm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectTeam IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hometown Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seasonNumber TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isRouteStop Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scale Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/captureDate Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/widthQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeDistrict Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalAffiliation PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demographics PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumTemperature Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestLap Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeaguePromoted SoccerLeagueSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/names Openswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalFlight Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherWins SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnMice ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subPrefecture Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closeTo Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tattoo Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launches LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fansgroup SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/population PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/war MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endDateTime Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousDemographics PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/votesAgainst StatedResolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeasons TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourConstellations Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightTributary River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSpaceflight YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionType Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialist School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalMixed TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParityYear PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championships FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCardiff Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstBroadcast Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reffBourgmestre Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPlayers Activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/okatoCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/producedBy Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/touristicSite PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frazioni Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeNationalMonument Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipCrew Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/band Protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blueLongDistancePisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalDiscs Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/friend Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/missionDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanChampionship Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelEndYear MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandStructure MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainCharacter Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachSeason Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mastersWins Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementGroup ChemicalElement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wingArea Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linkedSpace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/citizenship Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStartLocation RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornByAthlete Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depthQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtJapan GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hand Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ecNumber Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jockey RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wholeArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextMission SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/compiler Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/domain Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfRock Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataAirlineCode Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfClassrooms School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aSide Single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYears Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouse Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackNumber Song
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disbanded MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crewSize SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lcc WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLines PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/glycemicIndex Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightAscension CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bodyDiscovered Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevatorCount Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agency Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelSystem AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lahHof Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northWestPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dbnlCodeDutch Writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchVehicle SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftAttack MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/club Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceEndYear MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/albedo Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retirementDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso31661Code Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bustWaistHipSize Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEntity Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/features ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelType AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldName PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/painter Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGraduateStudents EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryUnit MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthClub Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalArtist Single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncome PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/annualTemperature Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capacityFactor PowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/residence Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principalArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevationQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eloRecord ChessPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/measurements Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryFunction MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterCollege College
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstGame SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assembly MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/result MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frontierLength Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalMaximumBoatBeam Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tribus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phonePrefixLabel Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldProvince PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relativeAtomicMass ChemicalElement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/probowlPick Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherLanguage Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radius_ly Globularswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipDisplacement Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayDesignation Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthCountry River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalPeriod Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fc Cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wingspan Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsMajorSector Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lawCountry Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOfficials OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colleague Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceStartYear MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalPhonePrefixLabel PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlightEndDate SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leftChild Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerClub Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFamilyMember Family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftElectronic MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfNeighbourhood GermanSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/overallRecord CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bird Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuilder MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlace Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geologicPeriod Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestCity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinTown Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/documentNumber Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fillingStation RestArea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairs FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flower Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCounties PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bandMember Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proSince Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergerDate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsInEurope GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pgaWins Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fareZone Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityCode Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artery AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solubility ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/suppreddedDate Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railwayRollingStock RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/istat PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/extinctionYear Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceiling Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurYear Athlete,_CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentMostSteady SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchDate SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstAstronaut YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionStartDate PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEditor Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hraState PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentElevation Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsTotal ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryOrigin Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentSeason SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherChannel Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopItm PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beltwayCity Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrincipalLabel School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIslands Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refgeo Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithBadSolubility ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorArea Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceStartDate MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apskritis PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nobelLaureates School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncbhof Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shortProgScore Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCriminal Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mapCaption Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunch YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergedIntoParty PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageAnnualGeneration PowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumInclination LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lyrics MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/allegiance Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/termOfOffice PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isoCodeRegion Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vonKlitzingConstant CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countySeat PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVineyards WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rotationPeriod Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerPrizeMoney TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCollectionItems Library
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/signName HungarySettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalKey MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicGroup PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionCompany Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/movie Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentSilver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/airDate RadioStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeamMember SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtLET GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crew Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protein Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localizationThumbnail PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSuites Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drainsFrom AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/information Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfNewlyIntroducedSports Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentCountry Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalTitle Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/muteCharacterInPlay Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusType School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blueSkiPisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocationStart GeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalCoordinates Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circumcised Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedDate Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceLetter GermanSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtProTournaments GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedBy Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestState Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestReleaseVersion Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPosition Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftTrainer MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/river Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelTypeName PowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/consecration Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/espnId Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWine Grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalMajority Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrator School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationCity Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCapitalDeputies PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfCatchmentQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southEastPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premiereYear Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/employer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainBuilding Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasInsidePlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bowlRecord CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/albumRuntime Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentGeneralCouncil TermOfOffice
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ingredient Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterCargo MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacecraft SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityAbsorbedBy FormerMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseqmrna Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCapital Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalMaximumBoatLength Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousMission SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governingBody Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/polishFilmAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshNumber AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/entourage FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/declination Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ithfDate Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenancyArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locomotive Train
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentRegion Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousPopulation PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/authorityMandate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/votesFor StatedResolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ruling LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contractAward SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/budgetYear Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateRed Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalArrondissement BelgiumSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hallOfFame IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/languageCode Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eurobabeIndexId Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPoint Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraftYear IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeBE Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurNoContest Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAttack Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRun Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentLeague Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeListOfHonour MemberResistanceMovement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalCargo Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tvComId TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greenSkiPisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthWing PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticValue BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentWorldChampion Sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/watershed Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerStation Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentPosition Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/credit Openswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/composer Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingFilm FilmFestival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/training Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/christeningDate Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/innervates Nerve
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSilverMedalsWon SportCompetitionResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentClosingSeason SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGames Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assistantPrincipal School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousWork Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYearOfInsertion AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/procedure Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/portrayer FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexRankingCategory PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regency Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainIslands Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/periapsis CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanUnionEntranceDate Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTeam Athlete,_CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/industry Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToDouglas Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltiesTeamA PenaltyShootOut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diploma Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flora Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/signature Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/judge LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owns Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/killedBy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriverCountry GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coronationDate Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPerDay ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alternativeTitle Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localizationThumbnailCaption PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentGeneralCouncilMandate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gross Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastTranslator Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainFamilyBranch NobleFamily
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateLastUpdated Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasAbsorbedMunicipality Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToNearestCity Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentSilver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dfE School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwaySurface Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthYear Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxApparentMagnitude CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorYearsEndYear Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/council LiechtensteinSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debutTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headLabel School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCanton Department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentRank Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalBand Single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicGovernmentDepartment PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hgncid Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthMountain River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linkedTo SkiResort
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestRegion Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lengthQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hopmanCup Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tuition School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPages WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasOutsidePlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/zipCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/individualisedPnd Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/asiaChampionship Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentOpeningSeason SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableFeatures Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provinceIsoCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discharge Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spokenIn Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/suborbitalFlights YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorYearsStartYear Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/networth Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fossil Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOrigin Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOrbits SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftRecon MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provinceLink Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/barPassRate School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackWidth RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ko Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associateEditor Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managingEditor Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/strength MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherSportsExperience Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circuitName FormulaOneRacing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankAgreement Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentPartner FigureSkater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialName Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/westPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithMediocreSolubility ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usopenWins Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subprefecture Department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriverCountry GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/executiveHeadteacher School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehicleCode Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retentionTime Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dubber Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fauna Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fcRuns Cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personFunction Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelCapacity Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/layingDown Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStateDeputies PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationIdentifier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nearestCity Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/summerTemperature Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthPosition River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/automobilePlatform Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartDateMgr Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocketStages Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/testaverage School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterTransport MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sovereignCountry Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/damage Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/magazine WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/badGuy Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlight SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/awardName Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teachingStaff School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carbohydrate Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplementalDraftRound Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedBy Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/acquirementDate Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchMIPCode ArchitecturalStructure,_Monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficient PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiteracyMen PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacewalkBegin SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriver GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/command MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cinematography Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geolocDepartment Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oilSystem AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partner Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTopographicSystemMapNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeLabel FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenRaspberryAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceState River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalPopulation EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestPreviewVersion Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalOlympicCommittee OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPeopleLicensed Activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satScore School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fipsCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/season Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateMagenta Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmRuntime Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headAlloy AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northEastPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/computingMedia Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalDistrict Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/followingEvent Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/congressionalDistrict AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouseName Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/detractor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seiyu Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceTraveled SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtChallenges GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boxerCategory Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalTravellers YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foot Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/podiums FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seatingCapacity Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToLondon Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/age Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galicianSpeakersPercentage Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amgid Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVehicles PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/effectiveRadiatedPower Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/achievement Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerStatus Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/groupCommemorated Monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/building Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/service Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phylum Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brand WrestlingEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comic FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestReleaseDate Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crews SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stockExchange Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalMass Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentPlace Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notifyDate SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demographicsAsOf PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachedTeam CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editorTitle Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kingdom Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitCost Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bustSize Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/work FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leagueManager Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicType MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carcinogen ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageClassSize School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAgainst Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affair Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersPerYear Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/setDesigner Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEndDirection RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageDepth Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lounge Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSoiusaCode Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateYellow Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volumes MultiVolumePublication
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeProvincialMonument Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverBranchOf River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perifocus CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/piercing Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contest Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/handedness Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dryCargo Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginYear Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPercentageChange ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mythology MythologicalFigure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iftaAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/army MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueRelegated SoccerLeagueSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraftYear IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gaudiAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingBuilding Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastAppearance FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLaps FormulaOneRacing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patron MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceLength FormulaOneRacing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continent Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geolocDual Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victoryPercentageAsMgr Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournament Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagSize Flag
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentRank SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arm Protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityType Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentThisSeason SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landtag AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penisLength Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentGold Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourRegion Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sex Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalForm Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6391Code Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncomeRank PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scientificName Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secretaryGeneral Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satellite Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeLine RouteStop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routePrevious RouteStop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfGrain Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iihfHof Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorArticle Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestState Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headteacher School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pluviometry PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superOrder Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYearOfSales Sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequencyOfPublication PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/toll RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/towerHeight Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingCity Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debutWork Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unknownOutcomes Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/expedition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIsland Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterUtility MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTracks Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reservations Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headOfFamily Family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selectionPoint Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/museum Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/emmyAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inflow BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondTeam GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenFlight Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coden WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startPoint Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstOlympicEvent Sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraft IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depths Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inseeCode Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingleFemale SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastAirDate Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/temple Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diseasesDb Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creatorOfDish Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantProject Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/license Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterObservation MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/delegation PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skinColor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subMunicipalityType SubMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPeerReviewed AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/netIncome Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imposedDanseScore Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanicType Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeDirection RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdCommander MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architectualBureau ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineYear WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/almaMater Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceLeader PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/delegateMayor PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoeNumber Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/water Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lifeExpectancy PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmColourType Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pseudonym Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/department PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldDistrict PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cluster Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/salary Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/addressInRoad Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocket Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refgen Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarRover SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bioavailability Drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathYear Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateUnveiled Monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneReviewsId Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCoach FigureSkater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductRank Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMembers Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSupergroup Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redListIdNL Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTurns RaceTrack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanAffiliation PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlight SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocketFunction Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artisticFunction Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolved SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fat Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestPreviewDate Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presentMunicipality FormerMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boiler Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/saint PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operatingSystem Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesSilver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/narrator Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowerEarthOrbitPayload Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programmingLanguage Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalMixed TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMatches CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondDriver GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arrestDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/placeOfBurial Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentProduction Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flyingHours MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chromosome Protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mapDescription Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primate ChristianDoctrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/symbol Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headquarter Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nonFictionSubject WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSpans Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isoCode Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/version MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipDraft Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournament Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/roleInEvent Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundation PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pistonStroke AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYearOfInsertion AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pdb Protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductPerPeople Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductPurchasingPowerParityPerCapita PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceArea Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/connectsReferencedTo Reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalDanseCompetition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantDesign Architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governorate PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statusManager Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religiousOrder Monastry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genomeDB GeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cultivatedVariety Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/casualties MilitaryConflict_,_NaturalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/branchFrom AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissioner PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boilingPoint ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victoryAsMgr Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drama FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/block VolleyballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceeb School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptTitle PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRockets Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settlementAttached Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/littlePoolRecord Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryRank MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/racketCatching TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayWidth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerInTeam SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/second Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfFilms AdultActor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthYears SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/backhand Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/voltageOfElectrification RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbeychurchBlessing Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/garrison MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationAsOf PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriverTeam GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nutsCode Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainer Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingDate SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/derivative MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopeningDate ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discovered CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/metropolitanBorough PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/membershipAsOf Organisation,_Parish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noContest Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGoals CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coastLine Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackLength RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVisitorsAsOf HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premierePlace Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/completionDate Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cableCar Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arrondissement PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academicAdvisor Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/added HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dorlandsPrefix AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeTypeAbbreviation RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ward LiechtensteinSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/summerAppearances OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeFlightTime Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eruption Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncomeAsOf PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasNaturalBust Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circuitLength FormulaOneRacing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfBronzeMedalsWon SportCompetitionResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitedStatesNationalBridgeId Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endCareer Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/id WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageDepthQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherActivity Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingSite SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalElevation Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchNAIdentifier MemberResistanceMovement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crownDependency City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairmanTitle SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/splitFromParty PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberSold Sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officerInCharge University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cylinderCount Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debut Wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentSilver Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/callsignMeaning Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceResult Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/entrezgene Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peopleName PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gun Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateExtended Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtAlpg GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndDateMgr Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enemy FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ra Openswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumElevation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inclination Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sharingOutPopulation PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherFunction Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blackSkiPisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraft IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentWork Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergedSettlement Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedRocket LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoreLength BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceCountry Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationDemographics PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/workArea Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relics ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfArrondissement Department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gnl PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonMixed TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherFuelType PowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfAcademicStaff EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colorChart FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/climate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtMajors GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceo Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherAppearances OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentRegionalCouncil TermOfOffice
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToDublin Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speciality Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnChickens ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrbanDensity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subOrder Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/education Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingFilm FilmFestival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInMixedDouble SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayLength Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phonePrefix PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/government Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestSettlement PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/space Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedAct Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsMainPart Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/board Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/interest SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southWestPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chorusCharacterInPlay Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipLaunch Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ground SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heisman Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelLineVehicle MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluencePosition River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionYears Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/installedCapacity PowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunchRocket LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityRank Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarModule SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriverTeam GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/episodeNumber TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/custodian School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliamentaryGroup Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foresterDistrict Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialTrial Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherParty OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/afdbId Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/escapeVelocity Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherInformation Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/member Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imposedDanseCompetition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/choreographer FigureSkater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDepthQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appearancesInLeague SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causeOfDeath Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceNumber PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crewMember SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jointCommunity Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capital PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyes FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfAnatomicalStructure Brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deanery Diocese,_Parish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eTeatrId Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presenter TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeamYear Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaDate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/representative Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noteOnRestingPlace Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frozen BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grades School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectEndDate Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/registryNumber Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jstor AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeport Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflCode Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfWineries WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landtagMandate AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fedCup Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notSolubleIn ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landRegistryCode Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coemperor Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersUsedSystem Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isCityState Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satellitesDeployed SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/complexity Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homage Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateAgreement Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/income PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeActivity RouteStop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingLotsTrucks RestArea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/territory MilitaryConflict,_AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/terytCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ensembl Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inchi ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionYear Organisation,_PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/educationSystem EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToBelfast Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/starRating Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formula ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldChampionTitleYear Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelStartYear MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recentWinner Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLiveAlbums MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorShrine Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainOrgan Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeshiftChannel TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/establishment ChristianDoctrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/note AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/third Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bSide Single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisionName Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectStartDate Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordedIn MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEmployees Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfSearch SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalSelection Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approvedByUpperParliament Law
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordDate MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingLotsCars RestArea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalSeats Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialEffects Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataLocationIdentifier Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grindingCapability Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtLAGT GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/compressionRatio AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/egafdId Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumInclination LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverMouth River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentOrganisation Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patronSaint Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileSize Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestRankDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumElevation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tournamentRecord CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/resolution Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hof Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialLanguage PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateSaturation Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supply Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/order Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millSpan Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdDriver GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/house Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eventDate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastWin FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rival School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artist MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/denomination School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grandsire Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientRanking PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/range MeanOfTransportation_,_Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/promotion WrestlingEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentLastChampion SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/polePosition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cylinderBore AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/laterality Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scene Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wilaya Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightChild Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/illiteracy PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/manager SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/adjacentSettlement Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assetUnderManagement Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selection Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/father Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clubsRecordGoalscorer SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorSeason Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aggregation ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageFat Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParkingSpaces Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverBranch River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestElection PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastElectionDate Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftRound GridironFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousPopulationTotal PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dist_pc Openswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filename Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/idNumber Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/danseScore Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtOtherTournaments GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVolumes WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateConstruction Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftPick GridironFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dressCode Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/precursor AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalChampionship Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalLanguage PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeScoreCompetition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silCode Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/councilArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/absoluteMagnitude CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publisher Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetroDensity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtLPGA GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/daira Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSatelliteLaunched YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulationYear Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeCoordinate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectReferenceID ResearchProject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highwaySystem Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isbn WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorStatisticsAsOf ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolNumber School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meanTemperature Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd1 Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/anniversary MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/revenue Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creativeDirector TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtPGA GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersPerDay Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uniprot Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superintendent Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineProduced WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/computingPlatform Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/liberationDate ConcentrationCamp
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clothingSize Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastPosition FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCity Continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfCatchment Lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taxon Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCantons PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPeopleAttending Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanParliamentGroup PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eruptionYear Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nrhpType HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopWinYear PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goalsInLeague SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivision Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbeychurchBlessingCharge Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorFunction SwitzerlandSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeNext RouteStop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hybrid Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/swimmingStyle Swimmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bourgmestre Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nisCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approvedByLowerParliament Law
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicSubgenre MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/university Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worstDefeat SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextEvent Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingCompany RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chaplain School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadTeam Athlete,_CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudioAlbums MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSubsection Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feat Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endReign Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/policeName PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerPoints FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boilerPressure Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfProfessionals Activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alumni EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanoId Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ngcName CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/allcinemaId Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religiousHead School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/employersCelebration Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationality Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fees School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfAlbums MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/certification Single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterwayThroughTunnel WaterwayTunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseq Protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticYear BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectBudgetFunding ResearchProject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPointIsland Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftTransport MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRooms Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/defeat Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorMandate Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/systemOfLaw LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationVisitDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6393Code Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/smiles ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentMountainPeak Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmFareAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunchDate LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateGreen Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceremonialCounty PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenGlobeAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usurper Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wagon Train
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnRats ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/binomial Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/competitionTitle Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railGauge RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/person PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foalDate Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/argueDate SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atPage Reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtChampionships GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/defeatAsMgr Coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceNumberLabel PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectParticipant ResearchProject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalLeader Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceRegion River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateCompleted Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/configuration AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/province Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd10 Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaTotal Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEnd RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableCommander MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/issDockings SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isil Library
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialOpenedBy Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/profession Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redline AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/omim Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoFuel Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalCouncil Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orientation Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCountries AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programCost Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currencyCode Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alliance Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generalManager SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lengthReference RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentRegionalCouncilMandate Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cyclistGenre Athlete,_CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiterate PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/templeYear Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amsterdamCode Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/episode FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mgiid Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurDefeat Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coverArtist Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastArea Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/media Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heritageRegister Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalPublicationDate PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/releaseLocation Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerBandMember Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goyaAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOffices LawFirm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateHue Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inn ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStart RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicFormat Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longDistancePisteKilometre Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fight Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mukhtar LebanonSettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadYear Athlete,_CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicity Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/podium Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subjectTerm Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/definition Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtAus GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/qatarClassic Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateBlue Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralStudent Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/squadNumber SportsTeamMember
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandModule SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMinistries Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elo ChessPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associationOfLocalGovernment Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementCountry Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reigningPope Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/address Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seniunija PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medalist SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/offeredClasses School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestBuildingInYear Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discipline Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeStockExchange Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarEvaTime SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/combatant MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfReactors NuclearPowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contractor Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChannel Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalPosition Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/constellation CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creationChristianBishop Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/molecularWeight ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approach Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotalRanking PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/breeder Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victory Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legislativePeriodName Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/billed Wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artPatron Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelEndDate MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductAsOf PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVillages District
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artificialSnowArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fullScore Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/structuralSystem Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopened School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/basedOn Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterNewspaper Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pubchem ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eMedicineSubject Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestRank SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefaceBy WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/popularVote Election
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtAsia GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/equity Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeatsInParliament PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comparable Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/baftaAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticLabel BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEndLocation RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumBoatBeam Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalFlights YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicBand MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/languageFamily Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeIndex MemberResistanceMovement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/opponent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithGoodSolubility ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeSettlement Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fundedBy ResearchProject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/class MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/avifaunaPopulation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingVehicle SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hubAirport Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/groundsForLiquidation Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCharingCross Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startWqs Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishWins Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptItm PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refcul Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamCoached Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterAttack MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tree Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondDriverCountry GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/material Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/umbrellaTitle MultiVolumePublication
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6392Code Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinCountry Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depth Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientAsOf PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/established ChristianDoctrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/place MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumAreaQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTeams SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxAbsoluteMagnitude CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestWin SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solicitorGeneral LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportSpecialty Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statusYear Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingAthletes Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVolunteers Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gameArtist VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deme PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settingOfPlay Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railwayPlatforms Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalArticle LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/equipment Activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spurType Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeamMatchPoint Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/catholicPercentage PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grammyAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academicDiscipline AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathAge Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iucnCategory ProtectedArea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/booster SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscent Mountain,Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iupacName Drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextEntity Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nerve AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstWinner Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/technique Painting
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commune Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shape Intercommunality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outflow BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weapon Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cousurper Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeamManager Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classification Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/movement Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipBeam Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentlyUsedFor ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplies Artery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topic PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startReign Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/detectionMethod Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heir Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPoint Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiPisteKilometre Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/champion SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchPad SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gameEngine VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bodyStyle Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublisher WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlightEndDate SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestBreak SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orthologousGene Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seasonManager Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalFunction Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organisationMember Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sibling Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brainInfoType Brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/route Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/utcOffset Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wavelength Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestRankSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/onChromosome GeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/federalState Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/certificationDate Single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inCemetery GraveMonument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proTeam Athlete,_CareerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionEndYear PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationStructure Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalPrefecture Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/competition SportCompetitionResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/convictionDate Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPiersInWater Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/astrologicalSign Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlacePosition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/departmentPosition PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstRace FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/binomialAuthority Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sameName Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atRowNumber Reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ekatteCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editing Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regentOf Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalEccentricity CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/committeeInLegislature Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refpol Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildingYear ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumAreaQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingleMale SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/roofHeight Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryRank Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/registration Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCompetitors OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/layout Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/road Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachClub Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamTitle Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighboringMunicipality PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/idAllocine Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstWin FormulaOneRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openAccessContent PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/power FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flashPoint ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToEdinburgh Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/upperAge School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalFilmAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsystem Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/output Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/actScore School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/case Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coalition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spike VolleyballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaWater Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsystemLink Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiTow Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldTeamCoached Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academyAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchSite SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/computingInput Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerSeason Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protectionStatus Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorCount Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenMixed TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uciCode CyclingTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athleticsDiscipline Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenancy PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/valvetrain AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulation Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchArtworkCode Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mount Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/naacpImageAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftFighter MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ibdbId Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/screenActorsGuildAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ingredientName Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lineLength RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthSign Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goalsInNationalTeam SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gasChambers ConcentrationCamp
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPads LaunchPad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareSource Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraft IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherFamilyBranch NobleFamily
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/island BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLost TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oversight School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSatellite YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDependency Continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicBy Musical
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eventDescription HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraftTeam IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grayPage AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galicianSpeakersDate Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tournamentOfChampions Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceWins Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDoubleMale SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalist SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalDanseScore Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiLift Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingsDoubles TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ordination Priest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorTitle HungarySettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/district Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornBy Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerTitle SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crosses Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalInclination SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/translator Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagCaption Flag
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locality Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appearancesInNationalTeam SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankInFinalMedalCount OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/start Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operatingIncome Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/missions SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sharingOutPopulationYear PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceMountain River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeHeadCity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subFamily Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterMultirole MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facilityId RadioStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outskirts PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organSystem AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dec Openswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarSurfaceTime SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfClubs Activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestMountain Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activity Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfFederalDeputies PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthState River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/novel FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocation Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retiredRocket YearInSpaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/caterer Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopter MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAppearance FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/catch Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/livingPlace Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chef Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueSeason SoccerLeagueSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentTopScorer SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reignName Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/origo Muscle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourhood HungarySettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/federation Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientCategory PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maintainedBy ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationEvaDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliamentType Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mirDockings SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/believers ChristianDoctrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/horseRidingDiscipline Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexAsOf PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publication Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winterAppearances OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premiereDate Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityLink Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeCenter AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearOfConstruction Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landeshauptmann AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaUrban PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/curator Museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/family Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/transmission Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personName PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingFemaleAthletes Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStartDirection RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingRoad RoadJunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportDiscipline Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtKLPGA GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmVersion WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ableToGrind Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedPlace Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settlement Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEntrances Cave
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentMostSuccesfull SoccerTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sexualOrientation Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/senior PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateValue Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalAffiliation PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltiesTeamB PenaltyShootOut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/characterInPlay Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/torqueOutput AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greekName AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEpisodes TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cannonNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engineType MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthDistrict River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefect Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bgafdId Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/limit Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalSingle TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonDouble TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationRural PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startDate Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerHighschool NationalCollegiateAthleticAssociationAthlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournament Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalMixed TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canton Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalPartyInLegislature Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arielAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurVictory Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseqprotein Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraftTeam IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentPerson Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaTotalRanking PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesWins Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainDomain Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentYear Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeNumber RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequentlyUpdated Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeam Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmNumber Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coExecutiveProducer TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chain Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/v_hb Globularswarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingRailwayLine Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentBronze Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architect ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagBearer OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apoapsis CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalPlace Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discovery Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarLandingSite SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfMilitaryConflict MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolBoard School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/component Brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildingDate ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastNetwork Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decommissioningDate Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryCommand MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSettlement Department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fullCompetition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/introductionDate MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minTime Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationRuralDensity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/destination Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamManager Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/marketCapitalisation Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topFloorHeight Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearElevationIntoNobility NobleFamily
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battleHonours MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/climbUpNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairperson Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublicationYear PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyeColor Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deadInFightPlace Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jutsu Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameDay GivenName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeDutch Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoeSize Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocationEnd GeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDouble SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/biggestCity Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/games OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentGold Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proPeriod Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sire Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wins Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelConsumption AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longDistancePisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectBudgetTotal ResearchProject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementPeriod ChemicalElement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leftTributary River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoots IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYearOfSales Sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/introduced Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationQuote Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/initiallyUsedFor ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mostDownPoint NorwaySettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/day Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/film FilmFestival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenCalfAward Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trustee Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherName PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selectionYear Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesGold Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissioningDate Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superFamily Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionStartYear PersonFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galleryItem Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalMountain Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decoration Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stellarClassification CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/growingGrape WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/instrument Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/placeOfWorship ClericalAdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainerYears SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/actingHeadteacher School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millType Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peabodyAward Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/college Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bridgeCarries Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/archipelago Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCriminalAction Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primaryFuelType PowerStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shortProgCompetition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/other University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locatedInArea Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiPisteNumber Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateOfBurial Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icdo Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLaunches MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/constructionMaterial ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/displacement AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectType ResearchProject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingType Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reign Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disappearanceDate PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeDistrict CityDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mountainRange Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalPublicationYear PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eastPlace Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/costumeDesigner Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religiousHeadLabel School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/davisCup TennisPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastProMatch Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateBlack Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityRenamedTo Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/footedness Sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathCause Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patent Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldcode OlympicResult
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decay Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nssdcId SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iafdId Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/showJudge TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runtime Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeZone Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingWins SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/performer FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/borough PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationArea PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateCyanic Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtSun GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/powerOutput AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingEndYear ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasAnnotation Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDepth Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankPopulation PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableIdea Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uRN School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comitat HungarySettlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stylisticOrigin MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atomicNumber ChemicalElement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadership Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltyScore PenaltyShootOut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sentence Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacestation SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaCode Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coolingSystem AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/free FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pastor HistoricBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/simcCode PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/designCompany MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engine Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/afiAward Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endangeredSince Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provCode Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/announcedFrom Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/watercourse PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/issn PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchRKDCode Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnRabbits ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAboveAverageTerrain Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/producer Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railwayLineUsingTunnel RailwayTunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pisciculturalPopulation Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/created Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chEBI Drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relief Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalChannel Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftType Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderTitle PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/urbanArea Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectLeague IceHockeyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedPlace Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenVoyage Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfYeast Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptTitle PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architecturalMovement Architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornByJudge Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopeningYear ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/impactFactorAsOf AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMembersAsOf PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncaaSeason Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/danseCompetition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linguisticsTradition Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noteOnPlaceOfBurial MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/product Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/americanComedyAward Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demolitionDate ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarSampleMass SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliate FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drainsTo AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmAudioType Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longtype Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluencePlace River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parish PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusSize School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apofocus CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headChef Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaRural PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedPlaces Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestYearWsop PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptFinalTable PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classis Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decideDate SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousInfrastructure Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftLeague Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairColour Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolPatron School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coProducer TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfStorage Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tvShow Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/barangays PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerYears SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainspan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCrew MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfWineRegion WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subGenus Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dischargeAverage MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateClosed Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfHoles GolfCourse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNL Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/length Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile/wheelbase Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/totalMass Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaUrban PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarSampleMass SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/volume Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/volume Lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoWater Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/width On-SiteTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/co2Emission Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/mass SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/height Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/periapsis Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/mass On-SiteTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/weight Escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/height ConveyorSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/dockedTime Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/apoapsis Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/mass MovingWalkway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/diameter Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/originalMaximumBoatLength Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/stationVisitDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoFuel Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/minimumDischarge Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/periapsis Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/boilingPoint ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/width ConveyorSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/width MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/apoapsis Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/watershed Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket/mass Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/weight ConveyorSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/maximumBoatLength Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/meanTemperature Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaMetro PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut/timeInSpace Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/dischargeAverage Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/diameter MovingWalkway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/width Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/weight MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationMetroDensity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/length MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/width Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/mass MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/distanceTraveled SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/cylinderBore Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation/populationDensity GeopoliticalOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/height Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/maximumDischarge Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/maximumTemperature Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/periapsis Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/totalCargo Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/freeFlightTime Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/length ConveyorSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle/timeInSpace SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaTotal PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/discharge Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/torqueOutput Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/pistonStroke Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarSurfaceTime SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug/boilingPoint Drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/maximumBoatBeam Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/density ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile/fuelCapacity Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/maximumTemperature Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/mass Escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationDensity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarOrbitTime SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/density Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/diameter ConveyorSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work/runtime Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/mass Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/height MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/meanRadius Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/minimumTemperature Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/height On-SiteTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoGas Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/meanRadius Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation/volume SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/cmpEvaDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationUrbanDensity PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/orbitalPeriod Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/length Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug/meltingPoint Drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/diameter MeanOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School/campusSize School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/minimumTemperature Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/width Escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/topSpeed Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/originalMaximumBoatBeam Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/diameter On-SiteTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/meanTemperature Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket/lowerEarthOrbitPayload Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/weight MovingWalkway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/mass ConveyorSystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarEvaTime SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/orbitalPeriod Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/temperature Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/meltingPoint ChemicalSubstance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/length Escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software/fileSize Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation/areaMetro GeopoliticalOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/displacement Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/temperature Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix/course GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure/length Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/surfaceArea Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/weight Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/diameter Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/acceleration Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/width MovingWalkway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/averageSpeed Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/height MovingWalkway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/apoapsis Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/averageSpeed Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/missionDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person/weight Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/weight On-SiteTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/height Escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LunarCrater/diameter LunarCrater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/powerOutput Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/weight Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/surfaceArea Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/density Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/mass Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle/distance SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/diameter Escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person/height Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/shoreLength Lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/length MovingWalkway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/area PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building/floorArea Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix/distance GrandPrix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/areaOfCatchment Lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/dryCargo Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/stationEvaDuration SpaceMission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/volume Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/length On-SiteTransportation
